hey welcome back this is the director of
change Benjamin Harvey from how to
become a successful coach and make a
six-figure income and if you haven't
seen the video prior to this one I
suggest you check it out I went through
my players system as in the five
different types of coaching sessions you
can have with a client and how each one
of those different areas sort of mix
together to make up a coaching call in
this video I'd like to cover with you
that s which stands for strategy in the
players system I'm going to go through a
very simple six text step process that
will allow to rapidly develop strategies
any time so the incline can get the
results so if you've got a pen and paper
handy I suggest you pull it out now and
start to write this down first of all we
start with the letter O and the o stands
for outcome and so the question when I
asked there is what it is that you want
it's quite funny a lot of people out
there don't have a clue what they really
want in life in fact one of the things I
was told that if you wanted to get to
where you're going find out exactly what
you want and learn how to ask for it so
one of the things you want to get used
to asking is what do you want what
specifically do you want and make sure
you really get that clear you don't want
to need these airy fairy type goals you
want really specific information that
you can really drill down on the next
one is letter R which stands for
resources as in what does your client
actually have what sort of resources
they have on hand ready to go that's
going to assist them to get to where
they want to go and also assist you to
assist them to get their into where they
want to go it's the second thing is
resources the next one is gaps and when
I look at gaps I think to myself what is
it that they need to develop so I look
in what they've done what they've
learned what their education is what
sort of skills they have and what it is
is what it is that I actually need to
start developing next is the S which
stands for first efforts we're on
thinking of first efforts I'm asking
myself what's the first thing this
client needs to do is it what's the
first small step that they must do in
order to start getting towards their
dreams getting towards their goals once
I had elicited what that is that I want
to wrap the date and the time around it
by which they're going to actually
activate or take
action on that process next is the
letter e and e stands for evaluation so
how do you know if it's actually working
what systems do you have in place to
track it to measure it to ensure that
this strategy is actually being
effective and once you go through that
you'll be able to find out systems of
metrics and information and knowledge
they were late or let yourself know
whether or strategies effective because
one of the things i know about
strategies is if they don't work for me
I just let them go and I change them I'm
always open to new ideas I've open
assistance until I find a strategy that
works and with your clients it's best to
keep reassuring them that everything in
life has an ultimate strategy it really
dance and once you own that piece of
information that everything life does
have an ultimate strategy then it's just
a matter of adjusting your strategy
until you find one that works and the
final letter is the letter C which
stands for continuity as in what do you
need to keep this strategy going so what
sort of things in your put in place to
get momentum based activities one of my
business mentors once said to me that
there's only two things you need in
business consistency and momentum so
it's very important when you're
developing a strategy to have a kiss
consistency based element to it as in
what it is that you need to implement to
keep this thing moving so just to go
back through the rapid strategy
development system the o stands for
outcomes what is it that you want the R
stands for resources for what is it that
you have then the G stands for gaps what
is it that you need to develop the F
stands for first efforts what's the very
first thing you need to get started the
e stands for evaluation as in how you
can evaluate it and the C stands for
continuity as in how you gonna keep it
going I hope this information has been
valuable if you haven't fully registered
yet for the course please do come and
check it out it's a one day course it
will cover all of my seven trade secrets
about how to become a successful coach
and what's going to cover how I earn six
figures in the very first 12 months of
coaching right i forgot my certification
and have been met and been able to
increase that significantly over the
year
been doing it I have had the good
fortune of doing over 5,000 one-on-one
coaching sessions and during this one
day event I'm going to be sharing with
you all of the information I'm going to
lifting up the curtains and telling you
every single thing I did to develop my
highly successful coaching business so I
look forward to seeing you there and
until we meet again smile often and do
whatever it takes to be your own best
friend see you soon